Hey, thank you. I I got one more question. I don't want to be that guy or I I &gt;&gt; You're good, dude. We got like an hour. Like I said, these these high tiers, you guys are paying to be here, so &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. I don't want to be Oh, so I guess going on just with that uh and with the folder and then appreciate that. Can you talk about I guess does it even matter does it matter like once we do all of that? Like I Like I create like double or agents within the folder? So like, you know, for example, I just one of my clients uh he needed a uh I upgraded the training for a social media manager, right? So I went and told it hey, go get all of the uh information for a social media manager content, look at LinkedIn, the internet, YouTube, all of that. Get all of that training and I created like a uh agent, I guess, within that folder or whatever, right? And then I And I gave him I gave it a name or whatever, too, right? And then so I guess what my question is that Is that a lot is like Am I doing something wrong Like can I do that within the the the folder structure? &gt;&gt; Not only are you not doing something wrong. So, the reason I teach ICM and I push it so much is right now every big company, big developer, even the open-source ones are going to handle something called sub-agents, right? Or multi-agents ones, right? There's all this stuff. At the end of the day, it's just one model copying itself and reading instructions to do smaller things without it all being in one context window, one chat. So, when you're doing that, it's brilliant because then what you can say is, "Hey, instead of saying, 'Hey, Claude, go and do this,' you can say, 'Go run that in parallel. Go do sub-agents.'" So, Claude or Gemini, all these things, most of them are starting out with it and there's newer versions like you have ultra code for Claude, you have Grok build that automatically does it. Your folder structure becomes the instructions for those sub agents. So Claude doesn't have to creating a whole thousands of tokens to give it instructions. It just says, "Hey, sub agent one, read this folder. Sub agent two, read this one." That cuts tokens down by like 97% yet they operate like they were a proper agent. That's what I'm saying. Every folder is technically context you can give to one agent. But because these models are developing so fast, you shouldn't be building all the crazy architecture, right? That's what everyone's focusing. They're They're trying to build stuff that's going to get built. It's already built and it just needs to be refined. What's not being built is your reasons, your agents that you want, your judgment around it. Cuz again, it's not agents, it's descriptions of how to do thing. You're compartmentalizing. I just posted a video today. Agents are UI and UX design. What that means is user interface, user experience. Agents are simply a word we chose to give massive amounts of automations understanding. So we can map, okay, I have so many workflows going on and so many things are doing so many things. How can I know what is doing what? Well, I'll just call this workflow agent one and I'll call this workflow agent two. We're just naming workflows and automations because we've never had automations to this scale, so it's hard to comprehend. So how do you comprehend it? You anthropomorphize it and call it a thing. You call it an agent, right? It's just a UX design. It's not actually an agent. It's just makes it easier for us to understand. But if you understand it's a process that each of those sub folders just get better every That's why I say, "When Claude updates, makes 20 more a swarms." When someone says, "Oh, I've created a tool that connects to 10,000 agents together." That just becomes a tool that you can use on your ICM, rather than a replacement for it. Does that make sense? Because that is a &gt;&gt; perfect sense. &gt;&gt; Just needs context. It needs your context. &gt;&gt; Yeah, just can you just show us again how to run sub agent on like different folders with one question? Just like that. &gt;&gt; So so there's a couple ways and this one, the reason I don't teach it yet is a lot of the different providers are being silly and trying to choose their own way. They're all going to do one way, which is they're going to let your one model decide the sub agents. Like there's going to be a framework that just like that AI the AI will be better at deciding how to run sub agents and already is most of the time than any crazy decisions we can make. So it's not that you want to decide how to run sub agents. It's that you want to say like here um I want to do research on a client for a new social media post about naming conventions for markdown files. Create sub agents for each of the folder tasks. &gt;&gt; Yep. That's the way. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; Automatically that this one AI, which don't I'm telling you Gemini, Kimmy, OpenCode, they all already have this ability built into it. It's it's a series of good Python calls just silent sharing prompts back and forth. That's what I mean. It's harnessing a model will handle most of the things. That's what people are rushing to compete on, but they're all just going to come to the same solution. It's the same reason, right? You have Let me let me bring it back a little bit while this is running. You have how many of you use Google Chrome versus Edge versus Firefox, right? They all do the same thing just slightly different. They're all almost almost all of them for a couple, are operating on something called Chromium. Every single one. It's just, this is a is open source software package that lets you make a browser. Every single big company uses it. They just put their own design on it, right? It's going to be the same thing. Every single company is going to have roughly the same decent model with roughly the same decent harness, and there's going to be nuances to it. So, what does that mean? Well, you need to decide what tabs you want, what you're searching for, what your favorites are, what your do what colors do you like? But now it's with workflows, right? So, in order to use multiple agents, subagents, all these things, people tell you you need to buy all these crazy tools. No, dude, they'll it already is built into most of these, right? There is specific tools that work well and better because there's not as many standards. But over the next year, I guarantee you, and this is why I say AI is not moving too fast, you're just not looking at the patterns. Most of the features of agentic flows and stuff is just someone saying they figured out a good standard for it, and now they're releasing it to their populace, to their user base, right? Most people are using the same standard behind the scenes, right? Um if you go and look at the patterns, it's it's almost roughly the same. Now, I will say, I don't always use subagents because it burns through a massive amount of tokens cuz basically what's happening is Claude, or whatever AI you're using, is just opening up 17 chats and asking a question. So, like, "Hey, research these clients." Okay, well, we got one that's going to need to do capture brainstorm brief. All right, you work on the capture folder set. You work on the brainstorm folder set. You work on right, but it's just automatically doing that for you. That's that's literally what it is behind the scenes code-wise, with some nuance, right? It's much more efficient. Um but that is subagents and agents. It's just another chat that you could be doing, but at speed, with a different model or the same model. Does that make sense, Ethan? &gt;&gt; Yeah, yeah, it makes sense, but do you think like to create sub agents to do multiple tasks like reduce the human gate? Because you know, you need to check all the time the the output. So, if you create a bunch of like outputs and you need to go back and read again, I don't think like sub agent is better than just using one agent like step by step. &gt;&gt; I think it depends on what you're doing. So, like for me, when I'm doing a bunch of sub agent work, it's like I'll have each one of them work on one slide out of a 10-slide deck, and then I can go back and just review the slides. So, then it finishes the slide deck way faster, but I'm still using the same amount of tokens that it would be if I just worked on each slide with one in the eye. Um and that's why I have the folder structure is because in my head, no matter how many agents and loops and things I had, I still want to be involved. I still want to edit and loop and inject my opinion, so we have to have stages. We have to have stopping points. So, if I have a thousand agents running a thousand different folders, at least we can come in and look at different parts of it. And that's where you need to decide, "Okay, how much do I want them to rip it before they stop and come talk to me?" Well, that your folder structure decides that. The stage one, it knows, "Okay, I'm going to put something there." And you could say, "Hey, automate the whole thing. I don't care today. I'm lazy." Or you could just say, "Only do stage one." Right? And that's why I built the folder structure in the first place is I was like, "Man, sometimes I want to automate the whole process, but sometimes I want to take my time on each one." Right? And that's where it really just comes down to where and when do you want the gates to be, right? And I think that's the thing that most of these AI companies are missing is they're just trying to automate automate automate. They're not trying to augment. They're not trying to Google Docs that like make it so that you can collaborate and look at it all. And I think that's the real value unlock is when all of us can work in one or two environments. When this meeting becomes the chat, that's that's the real unlock in AI is when I can sit here and and have it edit things and you can tell me, "No, I want this to be edited." Like my end goal is that right now, when we're done with this, the transcripts gets uploaded and I pull it apart and I do certain things to it to try to get you what you want. My goal is that the deck and the outputs and the things are being built as you ask me questions and I answer them right now, live. Right? Because is that not what chat is anyway? Right? Is that not what's going on? Is I'm answering with my knowledge, my idea. Right now, I've just shifted so that these answers are used as prompts. Like my voice, I'm using as a prompt. When I give that AI a transcript, this is a prompt for it to build something, to respond to your question, to make a markdown file that I put into the high-key chats.